fix: Add section for webpack (#1835)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/javascript/electron.md

`@sentry/electron` is the official Sentry SDK for Electron applications. It can capture JavaScript exceptions in the main process and renderers, as well as collect native crash reports (Minidumps).

> ## Using it together with Webpack

Reviewer: Do we want to put this that high?

Asking because this is the first thing people see after setup, not sure if it is the best UX.

Author: This is still the style of docs where the entry point is this page
https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/quickstart/?platform=electron

and this only special cases for the SDK.
Since Webpack is often used I think it fair / doesn't matter that much.

Reviewer: IMO this should be below `## Configuring the Client` as it expects the user to have already installed `@sentry/electron`.

> ## Using it together with Webpack

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Webpack Configuration
```

> If you are seeing an issue similar to `TypeError: mod.require is not a function` it means webpack is bundling browser and node code togther. To fix this change the `init` code / include statements of Sentry to:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are seeing an issue similar to `TypeError: mod.require is not a function` it means webpack is bundling browser and node code together. To fix this change the `init` code / include statements of Sentry to:
```

> If you are seeing an issue similar to `TypeError: mod.require is not a function` it means webpack is bundling browser and node code together. To fix this change the `init` code / include statements of Sentry to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are seeing an issue similar to `TypeError: mod.require is not a function`, it means that Webpack is bundling your browser and node code together. To fix this, change the import statement of Sentry's `init` method to:
```

```js
const { init } = (process.type === 'browser'
  ? require('@sentry/electron/dist/main')
  : require('@sentry/electron/dist/renderer'))
```

> Use the Webpack `DefinePlugin`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And use the Webpack's `DefinePlugin` plugin to specify the process type:
```

```js
  // main process
  plugins: [
    new webpack.DefinePlugin({

>       'process.type': '"browser"'

Reviewer 2: This double-quotation is correct?

Author: yes

>   // main process
>   plugins: [
>     new webpack.DefinePlugin({
>       'process.type': '"browser"'
>     }),
> 
>    // renderer process
>    new webpack.DefinePlugin({
>      'process.type': '"renderer"'
>    }),
>   ]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
plugins: [
  // main process
  new webpack.DefinePlugin({
    'process.type': '"browser"'
  }),

  // renderer process
  new webpack.DefinePlugin({
    'process.type': '"renderer"'
  }),
]
```

```

> This means that when bundling each process, Webpack replaces `process.type` with a constant and then removes the inaccessible code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With these changes, when bundling the code for each of processes, Webpack will replace `process.type` with the constant and removes the inaccessible code:
```
